Yeah, so I was, I got pregnant, and the day I knew I'm pregnant, I came home, and my husband looked at me and said, who died in the family?
I said, nobody, but I'm pregnant, and I was afraid because Shivataji told me not to be pregnant again, could be dangerous.
But my strong husband said, don't worry, I will work on you every day, and you have to be positive.
This soul has to feel that the soul is welcomed on this earth.
So, okay, the pregnancy went on. And again, I was losing some blood after Shivataji left Austria, and I said, okay, we go to the hospital, it will be like every time I will lose the child.
I was just, but not, examining, examining, I had just to lie down for two days, and everything was alright.
I was at Ganesha Puja in September, my husband was at Ganesha Puja, and I went to the genealog for an ultra-shall.
And the genealog looked at the ultra-shall, and he suddenly, he looked at me and he said, you see, madam, I have to be frank with you, I don't like what I see on this ultra-shall.
And I said, what is this? He said, it's something behind the placenta, we can't do anything, and this will resolve the placenta and the child will die.
Boom.
I was finished, and I said, but maybe, I told the genealog, maybe you are wrong, look, I heard mions, maybe you mixed something, I mean I was trying to.
And he looked at the papers and he said, oh, maybe, maybe no, but, and at this moment I felt vibrations in my hand and I said, you see, I know this child is protected.
He looked at me very catholic, he said, wow, you believe in God? He told me, I said yes.
And because I got diabetes during my pregnancy, the genealog told me to do a cesarean three weeks before.
And what happened when I woke up after the operation, the genealog looked at me, he said, felicitation, it's a boy, he's really healthy, but you see, it's a miracle.
Because when I took out the placenta, the hematom was here. In my career, I never saw this. You are believing in God and he protected you.
And he's here. And our daughter Aparna, she was in the Kuchipudi Academy in Madras at this time. So with my husband, we wrote a fax, we sent it to Sumataji to thank her about Lakshmana, about,
and I'm so moved again. And Aparna went, could enter the room of Sumataji and gave her the fax and Sumataji said, oh, it's a miracle, it's a miracle, it's a miracle. Three times she said, but I knew she desired so much child.
Lucas is alright, but I will give him a name when I see him. You see, all these great souls just want to incarnate on this earth now.
We were driving in Warsaw, I was driving Sumataji to the airport and she was sitting in the back of course with our Ganesh. And I thought to myself, it would be nice to have an Indian name for our son.
So I asked Sumataji, very polite and humbly, for a name and she didn't answer at all. So I thought, okay, it's like this. And she was talking about other things and I actually gave it up.
So when we arrived at the airport, somebody was jumping, opening the door of Sumataji. She put one foot into the basement and with a big smile, she said to me, Lakshmana.
Yeah. Okay. So thank you to have listened to it. Thank you to have given us the opportunity to share these stories and all of our love.
I will say something also. I heard these stories of my wife, a couple of times, you can imagine, but I'm still moved by this thing.
Christine, you missed the story about when mother came to Gertner Gasser Ashram, and we did our tea to her and what Sumataji said then to us.
She said, it's like a puja.
We did.
Yeah. But you see, Dara, I have such a lot, a lot, a lot of other stories.
I had to choose. I mean, yes.
We need another session that's already leading.
Yes.
That would be wonderful because it's amazing.